fix(RHINENG-12212): fix host_url in notification (#1962)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

# If you want to use the legacy prefix, otherwise don't set PATH_PREFIX
# PATH_PREFIX="/r/insights/platform"

> # For testing notifications in stage/ephemeral, set this to the appropriate url

Reviewer: These instructions are for local setup; do we care about the hostname used for notifications produced locally? If we do, then my guess is that the hostname should be set to `localhost` or `0.0.0.0:8080`, since that's what we've configured for the local env.
(Note that the value for Stage is automatically configured, so no need to specify that here).

Author: I see. I still struggle with things that go "under the hood". I wanted to let everything written out but I agree it can be left out here

> # For testing notifications in stage/ephemeral, set this to the appropriate url

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Set the appropriate URL value  to be used in stage/prod environments. Default value is:
```

Author: I'll take Asa's suggestion and remove this bit to make things simpler

> # CONSOLEDOT_HOSTNAME="https://console.redhat.com"

Reviewer: If we do want developers to configure this field for their local setup, then this should be uncommented and probably put at the end of the list of env vars. Also, the protocol (`https://`) should be left off
